Which standards provide AAA functionality? :TACACS+,RADIUS
Which protocol is used by the spam filter? :SMTP
How can one determine the network segment an IP address is on? :Subnet Mask
What will be set when manually configuring a network adapter? :IP,Subnet Mask,Default Gateway,DNS
Which standard uses 128-bit addresses? :IPv6
Which expansion card enables communication in 802.11 networks? :WLAN
What is a drawback of IPS displays? : slow response times
What is a key advantage of docking stations? :Additional ports and capabilities compared to port replicators
What is a database on a mobile device containing bands, sub-bands, and service provider IDs allowing the device to establish a connection with the correct cell phone tower? : PRL
What is a dedicated mobile app management software? :MAM
Is SMTP used for retrieving email messages from mail servers? :No
Is SMTP used for sending email messages from a client device? :Yes
Is POP3 protocol used for sending email messages? :No
Is POP3 protocol used for email retrieval? :Yes
What is an API that enables communication between hosts on a LAN? :NetBIOS
Which protocol allows NetBIOS services to be used over TCP/IP networks? :NetBT
Which protocol offers improved functionality to POP3, while serving the same basic purpose? :IMAP4
What is a type of protocol used in network management systems for monitoring network-attached devices? :SNMP
What is an example of a directory access protocol? :LDAP
What are examples of connectionless protocols? :DHCP,TFTP
What are examples of connection oriented protocols? :HTTPS,SSH
What standard defines PoE? :IEEE 802.3af
Which standard implements PoE+? :IEEE 802.3at
Which standard implements PoE++? :IEEE 802.3bt
Which standard implements 4PPoE? :IEEE 802.3bt
What refers to an industrial control system? :SCADA
Which Port does SMTP use? :TCP 25
What is the most common type of DSL internet access? :ADSL
Which DNS record returns a 32-bit IP address? :A
Which DNS record maps to an IPv6 address? :AAAA
Which DNS record maps to a list of all mail servers on that domain? :MX
Which DNS TXT records are used for spam management? : SPF,DKIM,DMARC
What allows the reciever of an email to verify an email was authorized by the sender domain? :DKIM
What enables signing an outbound email digitally? :DKIM
What is an open standard defining a method preventing email forgery? :SPF
What is a DNS TXT record that specifies servers authorized to send mail? :SPF
What is a DNS TXT record with instructions for handling emails that don't align with sender mail policies? :DMARC
What is a logical grouping of computers that allows hosts to act as though they are on the same broadcast domain, regardless of location? :VLAN
An ISP offering Internet access to subscribers at a designated wireless hotspot is known as a... :WISP
